Update README (#1294)
NomicFoundation/slang: README.md

function createTree(): ParseOutput {
    const source = `
    contract Foo {
      function foo_func() {}
    }
    contract Bar {
      function bar_func() {}
    }
    contract Baz {
      function baz_func() {}
    }
  `;

    const parser = Parser.create(LanguageFacts.latestVersion());

    const parseOutput = parser.parseFileContents(source.trim());
    assert(parseOutput.isValid());

    return parseOutput;
}

function getContractNames() {
    const tree = createTree();
    const cursor = tree.createTreeCursor();

    const contracts = [];

    while (cursor.goToNextNonterminalWithKind(NonterminalKind.ContractDefinition)) {
        assert(cursor.goToNextTerminalWithKind(TerminalKind.Identifier));

        contracts.push(cursor.node.unparse());
    }

    assert.deepStrictEqual(contracts, ["Foo", "Bar", "Baz"]);
}
```

Slang is not a replacement for solc, the standard Solidity compiler. We do not plan at the moment to support emitting optimized EVM bytecode for use in production. It does not perform formal verification of contracts or Solidity logic in general. However, it is designed to empower such tools to be built on top of it.

> [Read the User Guide here.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/01-introduction/)

Reviewer: WDYT of adding a link to our announcement blog post as well?

```suggestion
- [Slang v1 Announcement - Blog Post](https://blog.nomic.foundation/slang-v1-a-reliable-way-to-analyze-solidity-code/)
- [Slang User Guide](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/01-introduction/)
```

> ### Supporting Multiple Solidity Versions

Reviewer: WDYT of the following order of H2 sections?

1. Intro
2. supporting multiple versions
3. Installation
4. Code example (after installation)
5. using slang / core concepts
6. contributing
7. built with slang
8. links

this places the code examples after the installation instructions, and other sections like "contributing" towards the end, similar to other READMEs.
Thoughts?

A modular set of compiler APIs empowering the next generation of Solidity code analysis and developer tooling.
Written in Rust and distributed in multiple languages.

> Slang analyzes Solidity source code and generates a rich concrete syntax tree (CST) that can be reasoned about. This is a departure from the classic approach of "black-box" compilers, which are handed the input and only their output can be observed.

Reviewer: Once it is approved, let's sync the contents with other `_PRODUCT_README_` markers...

> Slang analyzes Solidity source code and generates a rich concrete syntax tree (CST) that can be reasoned about. This is a departure from the classic approach of "black-box" compilers, which are handed the input and only their output can be observed.

Reviewer: WDYT of adding a short code example (10-20 lines) on how to use the public API?

> Slang is not a replacement for solc, the standard Solidity compiler. We do not plan at the moment to support emitting optimized EVM bytecode for use in production. It does not perform formal verification of contracts or Solidity logic in general. However, other tools that serve this purpose are intended to be built on top of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slang is not a replacement for solc, the standard Solidity compiler. We do not plan at the moment to support emitting optimized EVM bytecode for use in production. It does not perform formal verification of contracts or Solidity logic in general. However, it is designed to empower such tools to be built on top of it.
```

Because of that, Slang must be able to reason about different versions of Solidity; how the language grammar, name capture rules, and semantics have changed across different versions. One of our goals is to document differences as part of our [Solidity Grammar](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/solidity-grammar/).

This is why, instead of having to download separate versions of Slang for each Solidity version, you can access the Slang language APIs by simply specifying the Solidity version that you want to work with.

[See our supported versions.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/solidity-grammar/supported-versions/)

## Installation

You can install the [Slang NPM package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@nomicfoundation/slang) with the following `npm` command:

```sh
npm install "@nomicfoundation/slang"
```

Or if you are using `yarn`:

```sh
yarn add "@nomicfoundation/slang"
```

Although Slang is written in Rust, we do not currently support the usage of Slang as a standalone crate.

> [Learn more about how to get started with Slang.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/04-getting-started/01-installation/)

Reviewer: I suggest placing this link (and others like it) in a bullet to indent/for visibility.

```suggestion
- [Learn more about how to get started with Slang.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/04-getting-started/01-installation/)
```

Reviewer: I think a few still remain like this still.

## Contributing

Please check our [contributors guide](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/slang/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about how you can get started on Slang development.

## Using Slang

We have [several examples](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/08-examples/) showing some of the ways that you can use Slang APIs to develop your own Solidity tooling. For more detailed information about Slang concepts please check [our user guide](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/).

## Core Concepts

### Concrete Syntax Trees

Slang is capable of parsing the source code into a Concrete Syntax Tree (CST), which is a tree structure representing the entire source code. It includes the contracts, functions, statements, and expressions within. It also includes things like comments, whitespace, and punctuation. This is sometimes called a "full-fidelity" CST, and it can be used to reconstruct the original source code when needed.

### Parser

> The Parser API is used to produce a CST from Solidity source code. Each Parser object is initialized with a specific Solidity version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Parser API is used to produce a CST from Solidity source code. Each `Parser` object is initialized with a specific Solidity version.
```

> With a Parser object, you can analyze any source text according to the grammar of that specific version. Providing an accurate language version is important as it affects the shape of the syntax tree and the set of possible errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With a `Parser` object, you can analyze any source text according to the grammar of that specific version. Thus, providing an accurate language version is important as it affects the shape of the syntax tree and the set of possible errors.
```

[Learn more about the Parser API.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/04-getting-started/01-installation/)

### Cursors

> For many code analysis tasks it is useful to traverse the CST and visit each node. Slang provides this functionality through cursors. Cursors provide an efficient pre-order traversal API for full-source CSTs and subtrees.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For many code analysis tasks it is useful to traverse the CST and visit each node. Slang provides this functionality through cursors. Cursors provide an efficient pre-order traversal API for both complete CSTs and arbitrary subtrees.
```

[Learn more about using cursors.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/05-syntax-trees/03-navigating-with-cursors/)

### Queries

The `Cursor` API is a low-level API that allows you to traverse the CST in a procedural manner. However, it is often more convenient to use the declarative `Query` API. Queries allow you to express your intent more concisely, and also allows you to reuse the same query in multiple places. Queries can largely replace the need for both internal (cursor), and external (visitor) iterator patterns.

[Learn more about using queries.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/06-query-language/01-query-syntax/)

> 

Reviewer 2: We're missing introduction sections for Compilation Units and Binding Graphs. Something like:

```suggestion
### Compilation Units

Solidity projects are usually composed of multiple files. Slang has the concept of a `CompilationUnit`, which is built from parsing Solidity source files and their dependencies, transitively. This allows performing further analysis on the source code, such as semantic analysis.

[Learn more about using compilation units.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/07-semantic-analysis/01-compilation-units/)

### Binding Graph

The binding graph is a structure that represents the relationships between identifiers across source files in a `CompilationUnit`. It stores `Cursor` objects to all Solidity definitions (contracts, functions, state variables, etc.), the references to them, and can resolve the links between the two.

[Learn more about using the binding graph.](https://nomicfoundation.github.io/slang/latest/user-guide/07-semantic-analysis/02-binding-graph/)
```
